Love without money is a scam and I will
tell you why. Number one, money reflects
mindset. Psychology shows that men tie
self-worth to achievement. So if he is
content with nothing, it reveals that he
is lacking drive, resilience, and
vision, which are traits needed to lead.
Number two, living in financial stress
keeps you in survival mode. In fight or
flight, women in fight or flight can
stay soft, open, and feminine. They are
forced into their masculine energy.
Number three, from an evolutionary
standpoint, women seek providers because
provision equals safety. No money means
that you subconsciously feel unsafe,
even if you deny it. Number four,
studies show that money is the number
one reason for divorce. Lack of
provision doesn't just cause stress, it
also ruins intimacy and respect. Number
five, a broke man depends emotionally.
If he can't provide financially, he
unconsciously over relies emotionally on
you. This creates imbalance and
resentment. Number six, lack of money
will always make him feel like less of a
man. Men who can't provide often
compensates that with aggression,
control, and manipulation. Number seven,
money is proof of discipline. A man who
can earn and manage money shows delayed
gratification, planning, and
consistency. The same skills that make
him reliable in love, by the way. And
number eight, love without money trains
you to self-abandon. You normalize
carrying the weight for both, which
wires your brain to equate love with
sacrifice instead of love with
abundance. If you want to know how to
spot a real provider man and how to make
him truly invest in you, get my ebook,
The Queen Treatment, link in bio.